docs: update the web based terminal docs (#19621)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/web_based_terminal.md

## Enabling the terminal
<!-- Use indented code blocks for the numbered list to prevent breaking the numbering. See #11590 -->

> 1. Set the `exec.enabled` key to `"true"` on the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap in the `data` field. This enables the exec feature in Argo CD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap, set the `exec.enabled` key to `"true"`. This enables the exec feature in Argo CD.
```

Reviewer 2: Agree

    ```
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      name: argocd-cm
      namespace: <namespace>  # Replace <namespace> with your actual namespace
    data:
      exec.enabled: "true"
    ```

2. Patch the `argocd-server` Role (if using namespaced Argo) or ClusterRole (if using clustered Argo) to allow `argocd-server`
to `exec` into pods

        - apiGroups:
          - ""
          resources:
          - pods/exec
          verbs:
          - create

>     If you'd like to perform the patch by imperative way, you can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you'd like to perform the patch imperatively, you can use the following command:
```

Author: resolved

        
    - For namespaced Argo
         ```
         kubectl patch role <argocd-server-role-name> -n argocd - type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/rules/-", "value": {"apiGroups": ["*"], "resources": ["pods/exec"], "verbs": ["create"]}}]'
         ```
    - For clustered Argo
         ````
         kubectl patch clusterrole <argocd-server-clusterrole-name> - type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/rules/-", "value": {"apiGroups": ["*"], "resources": ["pods/exec"], "verbs": ["create"]}}]'
         ```

3. Add RBAC rules to allow your users to `create` the `exec` resource, i.e. 

        p, role:myrole, exec, create, */*, allow
    You can use any key you'd like to use in the `data` field, something like
    ```
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      name: <configmap-name>
      namespace: <namespace>
    data:
      policy.conf: |  # The key might differ based on the actual configuration
      p, role:myrole, exec, create, */*, allow

>     ```

Reviewer: This can be set on an `AppProject` level as well. I'd probably leave this section out.

Reviewer 2: Yes, people can do either way.

Author: PTAL now.

    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      name: argocd-cm
      namespace: <namespace>  # Replace <namespace> with your actual namespace
    data:
      exec.enabled: "true"
    ```

2. Patch the `argocd-server` Role (if using namespaced Argo) or ClusterRole (if using clustered Argo) to allow `argocd-server`
to `exec` into pods

        - apiGroups:
          - ""
          resources:
          - pods/exec
          verbs:
          - create
   If you'd like to perform the patch imperatively, you can use the following command:
        
    - For namespaced Argo
         ```
         kubectl patch role <argocd-server-role-name> -n argocd - type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/rules/-", "value": {"apiGroups": ["*"], "resources": ["pods/exec"], "verbs": ["create"]}}]'
         ```
    - For clustered Argo
         ````
         kubectl patch clusterrole <argocd-server-clusterrole-name> - type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/rules/-", "value": {"apiGroups": ["*"], "resources": ["pods/exec"], "verbs": ["create"]}}]'
         ```

3. Add RBAC rules to allow your users to `create` the `exec` resource i.e. 

        p, role:myrole, exec, create, */*, allow 

>     This can be added either in the `Confimap` manifest or `AppProject` manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This can be added either to the `argocd-cm` `Configmap` manifest or an `AppProject` manifest.
```
